Update Lisk SDK to v6.0.0-beta.4 (#797)
LiskHQ/lisk-core: README.md

[`lisk-core start`](docs/commands/start.md) supports flag and environment variable options to configure a node.

> Also, custom configuration through JSON file can be made available through the `--config, -c` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, custom configuration through the JSON file can be made available through the `--config, -c` flag.
```
